Blunt Butter Moose

medium

# Extra "money" is not taken into consideration while determining the solvency
## Summary

Extra "money" is not taken into consideration while determining the solvency of an account.

## Vulnerability Detail

The root cause of [Issue 184](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-symmetrical-judging/issues/184) is summarised by Watson (panprog) in his [comment](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-symmetrical-judging/issues/184#issuecomment-1673153505):

> The report is not about user being insolvent at the time of request to close, it's about user being insolvent at market price, but solvent at the requested price (during request to close) or at the closePrice (during fill close request).
>
> During request (long position):
>
> - Current price is \$1000. User is insolvent at this price, but solvent at price \$1010. He requests to close at \$1010, but transaction reverts (although it should allow user request to be closed at price \$1010)
>
> During fillCloseRequest:
>
> - User requested to close at market price \$1000, he was solvent at that time
> - By the time partyB calls fillCloseRequest, market price is still \$1000, but user is insolvent at price \$1000 (due to the other positions he has), but is solvent at price \$1010.
> - PartyB calls fillCloseRequest with a closePrice = \$1010 (when market price = \$1000). User is solvent at price \$1010 and position should close successfully, but it reverts because user is insolvent at current market price (\$1000).

However, during the fix review, it was found that the fix was to remove the insolvency check from the `requestToClosePosition` function, which does not address the root cause mentioned above.

The updated codebase was still found to not consider the extra "money" from the differences while determining if the users are solvent, leading to an edge case where users would not be able to close their positions even if their transaction would result in their account to be solvent at the end of the transaction.

## Impact

Users would not be able to close their positions even if their transaction would result in their account being solvent at the end of the transaction. Medium impact as per the [original report](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-symmetrical-judging/issues/184).

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-08-symmetrical/blob/main/symmio-core/contracts/libraries/LibSolvency.sol#L80

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-08-symmetrical/blob/main/symmio-core/contracts/libraries/LibSolvency.sol#L137

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider the extra "money" from the differences while determining if the users are solvent.