Quiet Berry Dalmatian

high

# A turned solvent Party A, moreover in a case where one partyA's position has positive pnl and the amount is greater than `partyBAllocatedBalances`, the diff is omitted
## Summary

A turned solvent Party A, on liquidation, moreover in a case where partyA's positive pnl (in their other positions) and the amount is greater than `partyBAllocatedBalances`, the difference is omitted, while it should accounted for partyA's

## Vulnerability Detail

Following issue of https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-symmetrical-judging/issues/290 is still exist, even though it was marked "will-fix", the issue is not correctly fixed (and intrinsicly add more excess balance to protocol)

The fix which is mentioned in comment refer to https://github.com/SYMM-IO/symmio-core/pull/22 while it mainly to fix the https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-symmetrical-judging/issues/241 issue.

Moreover, in this update contest, introduce `amountToDeduct` which check if the pnl amount greater than `partyBAllocatedBalances`, it will be the `partyBAllocatedBalances`, otherwise it will be the full amount of pnl. Therefore later when partyA `hasMadeProfit` true, and the amount pnl is > `partyBAllocatedBalances`, the `partyBAllocatedBalances` is decreased with itself, thus `partyBAllocatedBalances` will be 0. https://github.com/SYMM-IO/symmio-core/pull/22/commits/f052a6c1b9f39aa034f3417582a9f34ff1d2412b

The question here is, where is the rest diff amount of `amount - partyBAllocatedBalances` goes to? into protocol? I think it should be goes back into the partyA (or maybe account to partyB)

```js
File: LiquidationFacetImpl.sol
163:             uint256 amountToDeduct = amount >
164:                 accountLayout.partyBAllocatedBalances[quote.partyB][partyA]
165:                 ? accountLayout.partyBAllocatedBalances[quote.partyB][partyA]
166:                 : amount;
167:
168:             if (
169:                 accountLayout.liquidationDetails[partyA].liquidationType == LiquidationType.NORMAL
170:             ) {
171:                 accountLayout.partyBAllocatedBalances[quote.partyB][partyA] += quote
172:                     .lockedValues
173:                     .cva;
174:                 if (hasMadeProfit) {
175:                     accountLayout.partyBAllocatedBalances[quote.partyB][partyA] -= amountToDeduct; // @audit <-- where is the rest of profit (diff) goes to if amount > partyBAllocatedBalances
176:                 } else {
```

quoting this https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-symmetrical-judging/issues/290#issuecomment-1653497655

> if Party A has multiple positions, those which are in profit are not considered in party A's balance (while Party B will have it deducted). Instead, the protocol amasses the funds while not having the ability to withdraw them.
> If Party A turned solvent mid-way through the liquidation process (between calling setSymbolsPrice and liquidatePositionsPartyA), i.e., cumulative locked balances + cumulative PnL is positive, the profits from the profitable positions are not credited to Party A ..
> Those retained profits from Party A sit in the protocol's contract and remain unutilized.

Even though the case scenario is rare, but it's still an open possible situation, which should be accounted correctly. Moreover since the liquidation step is 4 steps, this open for possibility of fluctuate / changes in pnl. In addition, if protocol want to fix this 'intermediary' possible fluctuate pnl, it's better to pack the 4 step into a single one liquidation execution.

## Impact

When one of partyA (which currently under liquidation process, then turned solvent) position might contains profit which greater than `partyBAllocatedBalances`, those differences will be omitted (with the edge case provided)

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-08-symmetrical/blob/main/symmio-core/contracts/facets/liquidation/LiquidationFacetImpl.sol#L163-L166

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

If the amount is greater than partyBAllocatedBalances, consider adding the excess profit to partyA allocated balance
`accountLayout.allocatedBalances[partyA] += amount - amountToDeduct`

The update contest also introduce `partyAReimbursement`, which currently store the trading fee on liquidating pending position. perhaps, this excess can be stored in it.
