Calm Latte Hamster

medium

# There is no functionality to gracefully settle the trading on a symbol, which can lead to locked funds or loss of funds due to malfunctioning price oracle
## Summary

If the trading for any symbol has to be stopped, there is currently no functionality to gracefully settle it, it's only possible to stop opening positions by making the symbol invalid. This can cause loss of funds or locked funds for users who have opened position on the symbol and can't close positions due to problems with the price oracle (either the price is wrong or is not available at all).

## Vulnerability Detail

There are a number of reasons why a trading on a certain symbol should not continue, such as:
1. Price feed unavailable anymore for any reason
2. Significant drop in token liquidity, which makes it very easy to manipulate oracle prices
3. Some event that warrants a settlement at a price fixed at some point of time
4. Legal liabilities which require stopping trading
etc.

Most of the reasons to stop trading are serious and often connected to problems with the normal trading. Currently the symbol can be invalidated to stop opening new quotes and positions on it, but remaining positions are still opened and it might not be possible to fairly close them in the future.

## Impact

In case of problems with pricing any symbol, users can lose funds (if the price given to them is wrong) or the funds will be stuck (if no price is available at all).

## Code Snippet

`setSymbolValidationState` is the only function available to control availability to trade on a symbol. While it prevents opening new positions, it does nothing with the positions already opened and which might have problems closing.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-08-symmetrical/blob/main/symmio-core/contracts/facets/control/ControlFacet.sol#L202-L210

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Implement graceful settlement of the symbol:
1. Instead of valid/invalid, make a symbol status like: invalid, active, closeonly, settled, paused
2. For certain statuses like "settled" admin should also be able to set the settlement price
3. If status is not active, new quotes should not be opened and pending/locked quotes should only be able to be cancelled
4. Open positions should be closed using fixed settlement price in settled status, be denied to be closed in paused and invalid status.